1. What is IOC? 
   Ref: https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/ioc/inversion-of-control
   In software engineering, inversion of control (IoC) is a programming principle. In IoC, custom written portions of a computer program receive the flow of control from a generic framework. In contrast with traditional programming, in which our custom code makes calls to a library, IoC enables a framework to take control of the flow of a program and make calls to our custom code. To enable this, frameworks use abstractions with additional behavior built in. If we want to add our own behavior, we need to extend the classes of the framework or plugin our own classes. 
   
   IoC is a design principle (although, some people refer to it as a pattern). As the name suggests, it is used to invert different kinds of controls in object-oriented design to achieve loose coupling. Here, controls refer to any additional responsibilities a class has, other than its main responsibility. This include control over the flow of an application, and control over the flow of an object creation or dependent object creation and binding. 

   Advantages of this architecture are: 
   decoupling the execution of a task from its implementation
   making it easier to switch between different implementations 
   greater modularity of a program 
   greater ease in testing a program by isolating a component or mockint its dependencies, and allowing components to communicate through contracts 
   We can achieve IoC through various mechanisms such as: Strategy design pattern, service locator pattern, factory pattern and dependency injection. 

2. What is DI?
   Dependency injection is a pattern we can use to implement IoC, where the control being inverted is setting an object's dependencies. 
   Connecting objects with other objects, or "injecting" objects into other objects, is done by an assembler rather than by the objects themselvers. It allows the creation of dependent objects outside of a class and provides those objects to a class through different ways. Using DI, we move the creation and binding of the dependent objects outside of the class that depends on them. 
   The dependency injection pattern involves 3 types of classes:
   1. Client class: the client class (depdendent class) is a class which depends on the service class 
   2. Service class: the service class (dependency) is a class that provides service to the client class 
   3. Injector class: the injector class injects the service class object into the client class .

3. How many DI injections in Spring Boot? please also give me code example.(只给你能展示这几种方法的例子就行，不用写完整的代码)
   The injector class injects the service (dependency) to the client (dependent). The injector class injects depdencies broadly in three ways: through a constructor, through a property, or through a method 
   1. Constructor Injection: In the constructor injection, the injector supplies the service (dependency) through the client class constructor.
   public class CustomerBusinessLogic {
       ICustomerDataAccess _dataAccess;
       public CustomerBusinessLogic(ICustomerDataAccess custDataAccess) {
           _dataAccess = custDataAccess;
       }
       public CustomerBusinessLogic() {
           _dataAccess = new CustomerDataAccess();
       }
       public string ProcessCustomerData(int id) {
           return _dataAccess.GetCustomerName(id);
       }
   }

   public interface ICustomerDataAccess {
       string GetCustomerName(int id);
   }

    public class CustomerDataAccess: ICustomerDataAccess {
        public CustomerDataAccess() {

        }
        public string GetCustomerName(int id) {
            return "Dummy Customer Name";
        }
    }

    public class CustomerService {
       CustomerBusinessLogic _customerBL;
       public CustomerService() {
           _customerBL = new CustomerBusinessLogic(new CustomerDataAccess());
       }
       public string GetCustomerName(int id) {
           return _customerBL.ProcessCustomerData(id);
       }
   }

   public class CustomerSercie {
       CustomerBusinessLogic _customerBL;
       public CustomerService() {
           _customerBL = new CustomerBusinessLogic(new CustomerDataAccess());
       }
       public string GetCustomerName(int id) {
           return _customerBL.ProcessCustomerData(id);
       }
   }

   2. Property Injection: In the property injection (Setter injection), the injector suppliers the dependency through a public property of the client class .
   public class CustomerBusinessLogic() {
       public CustomerBusinessLogic() {

       }
       public string GetCustomerName(int id) {
           return DataAccess.GetCustomerName(id);
       }
       public ICustomerDataAccess DataAccess {get; set; }
   }

   public class CustomerService {
       CustomerBusinessLogic _customerBL;
       public CustomerService() {
           _customerBL = new CustomerBusinessLogic();
           _customerBL.DataAccess = new CustomerDataAccess();
       }
       public string GetCustomerName(int id) {
           return _customerBL.GetCustomerName(id);
       }
   }

   3. Method Injection: in this type of injection, the client class implements an interface which declares the method(s) tu supply the dependency and the injector uses this interface to supply the dependency to the client class .
   Can be done using class methods or interface method. Example is interface based method: 
   interface IDataAccessDependency {
       void SetDependency(ICustomerDataAccess customerDataAccess);
   }
   public class CustomerBusinessLogic : IDataAccessDependency {
       ICustomerDataAccess _dataAccess;
       public CustomerBusinessLogic() {

       }
       public string GetCustomerName(int id) {
           return _dataAccess.GetCustomerName(id);
       }
       public void SetDependency(ICustomerDataAccess customerDataAccess) {
           _dataAccess = customerDataAccess;
       }
   }
   public class CustomerService {
       CustomerBusinessLogic _customerBL;
       public CustomerService() {
           _customerBL = new CustomerBusinessLogic();
           ((IDataAccessDependency)_customerBL).SetDependency(new CustomerDataAccess());
       }
       publc string GetCustomerName(int id) {
           return _customerBL.GetCustomerName(id);
       }
   }
   
4. Which DI Injection is better way to use?
   Dependency injection is a powerful, useful, and critical technique to use in order to write clean, loosely coupled, easy to maintain code. 

5. What are HTTP request methods?
   The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is designed to enable communications between clients and servers. 
   HTTP works as a request-response protocol betwewen a client and server. 
   GET: used to request data from a specified resource. GET requests can be cached, reamin in the browser history, can be bookmarked, shoud never be used when dealing with sensitive data, have length restrictions, are only used to request data (not modify)

   POST: used to send data to a server to create/update a resource. POST requests are never cached, do not remain in the browser history, cannot be bookmarked, have no restrictions on data length.

   PUT: used to send data to a server to create/update a resource. 

   HEAD: identical to GET, but without the response body. GET /users returns a list of users, then  HEAD /users will make the same request but will not return the list of users. HEAD requests are useful for checking what a GET request will return before actually making a GET request - like before downloading a large file or response body. 

   DELETE: deletes the specified resource 

   PATCH: The PATCH method is used to apply partial modifications to a resource. 
   OPTIONS: describe the communication options for the target resource. 
   CONNECT: used to start a two-way communications (a tunnel) with the request resource. 

   TRACE: used to perform a message loop-back test that tests the path for the target resource (useful for debugging purposes)

6. What are differences between POST and PUT?
   Difference between POST and PUT is that PUT requests are idemmpotent. That is, calling the sampe PUT request multiple times will always produce the same result. In contract, calling a POST request repeatedly have side effects of creating the same resource multiple times. 

7. What is URL and What is URI? https://danielmiessler.com/study/difference-between-uri-url/
   URI can be just a name by itself, or a name with a protocol that tells you how to reach it - which is URL. google.com - URI; https://google.com - URL 
   URI: a string of characters that uniquely identify a name or a resource on the internet. URI identies a resource by name, location, or both. URIs have two specializations known as Uniform Resource Locator (URL), and Uniform Resource Name (URI). 
   A Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is a type of URI that specifies not only a resource, but how to reach it on the internet - like http://, ftp:// or mail to://
    A Unifrom Resrouce Name (URN) is a type of URI that uses the specific naming scheme of URN. 

8. What is path variable? and what is Request Parameter?
   PATH is an environment variable on Unix-like operating system, DOS, OS/2, and microsoft windows, specifying a set of directories where executable program are located. 
   

9. What are HTTP Response Status Codes?
    An HTTP status code is a server response to a browser's request. 
    1xx - Informational responses: the server is thinking through the request 
    2xx - Success. The request was successfully completed and the server gave the browser the expected resonse. 
    3xx - Redirection: you get redirected somewhere else. 
    4xx - Client erros 
    5xx - Server erros: Failture 