# Assignment of 04-29-22 

## What is POJO and what is Java Bean? What are the differences?

Ref# https://www.baeldung.com/java-pojo-class

POJO: Plain Old Java Object. When we describing POJO, which is a straightforward type with no references to any particular frameworks. A POJO has no naming convention for our properties and methods. 

The lack of convention causes two problems: 
It increases the learning curve for coders trying to understand how to use it. 
Limit a framework's ability to favor convention over configuration, understang how to use the class, and augment its functionality. 

Java Bean is still a POJO but introduces a strict set of rules around how we implement it: 
Access levels - our properties are private and we expose getters and setters 
Method names - our getters and setters follow the getX and setX convention (in the case of boolean. isX can be used for getter)
Default Constructor - a no-argument constructor must be present so an instance can be created without providing arguments, for example during deserialization 
Serializable - implementaing the Serializable interface allows us to store the state 

Tradeoffs when using JavaBeans 
When we use JavaBeans we should also be mindful of some potential disadvantages: 
Mutability - our JavaBeans are mutable due to their setter methods - this could lead to concurrency or consistency issues 
Boilerplate - we must introduce getters for all properties and setters for most, much of this must be unnecessary 
Zero-argument Constructor - we often need arguments in our constructors to ensure the object gets instantiated in a valid state, but the JavaBean standard requries us to provide a zero-argument constructor 

POJO is a Java object that is bound to no specific framework, and that a JavaBean is a special type of POJO with a strict set of conventions. 

## What is Hibernate and why we need Hibernate? 

Ref: https://www.theserverside.com/definition/Hibernate
Hibernate is an open source object relational mapping (ORM) tool that provides a framework to map object-oriented domain models to relational databases for web applications. 

ORM is based on the containerization of objects and the abstraction that provides that capacity. Abstraction makes it possible to address, access and manipulate objects without having to consider how they are related to their data sources. 

The Hibernate ORM framework guides mapping Java classes to database tables and Java data types to SQL data types and provides querying and retrieval. 

Benefits of Hibernate: 
Any changes made are encapsulated in the data source itself, so that when those sources or their applciation programming interfaces (APIs) change, the applications that use ORM don't have to make changes or even be aware of that information. Similarly, programmers can have a consistent view of objects over time, although the sources that deliver them, the sinks that receive them and the applications that access them may change. 

Hibernate reduces lines of code by maintaining object-table mapping itself and returns result to application in form of Java objects. It relieves programmer from manual handlign of persistent data, hence reducing the development time and maintenance cost. 

## What is ORM? Why it is helpful? 
### Ref: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/24200/object-relational-mapping--orm
Object-relational mapping (ORM) is a programming technique in which a metadata descriptor is used to connect object code to a relational database. Object code is writtein in object-oriented programming (OOP) languages such as Java or C#. ORM converts data between type systems that are unable to coexist within relational databases and OOP languages. 

ORM resolves the object code and relational database mismatch with three approaches: bottom up, top-down and meet in the middle. Each approach has its share of benefits and drawbacks. 
In additional to the datab access technique, ORM's benefits also include: 
1. Simplified development because it automates object-to-table and table-to-object conversion, resulting in lower development and maintenace costs. 
2. Less code compared to embedded SQL and handwritten stored procedures 
3. Transparent object caching in the application tier, improving system performance 
4. An optimized solution making an application faster and eaiser to maintain 

ORM's emergency in multiple application development has created disagreement among experts. Key concerns are that ORM does not perform well and that stored procedures might be a better solution. In addition, ORM dependence may result in poorly-designed databases in certain circumstantces. 


## What is Connection Pool? What is the advantage? 
### Ref: https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/what-is-connection-pooling/
1. Typical database connection 
   - The application uses a database driver to open a connection 
   -  A network socket is opened to connect the application and the database
   -  The user is authenicated 
   -  The operation completes and the connection may be closed 
   -  The network socket is closed.
2. Database connection pooling is a way to reduce the cost of opening and closing connections by maintaining a "pool" of open connections that can be passed from database operation to database operation as needed. This way, we are spared the expensive of having to open and close a brand new connection for each operation the database is asked to perform. 
3. Database coonection pooling can help improve application perforamnce, it is not a one-size-fits-all solution. Since there are resource costs associated with both opening/closing connections and maintaining open connections, whether or a connection pool is a good idea will depend on a number of specific factors, including (but not limited to):
   - Our application and how it interacts with the database 
   - How often it interacts with the database 
   - Our database technology of choice 
   - The hardware specs of our database servers
   - Network latency

4. Advantages: 
   - For simple operations at small scale, the steps involved in opening and closing a connection are not too expensive enough to warrant worrying about. 
   - Application scales up, the costant opening and clsoing of connections becomes more expensive and can begin to impact your application's performance. 



## List all of the annotations about Entity? 

1. @Entity The JPA specification requries the @Entity annotation. It identifies a class as an entity class. You can use the name attribute of the @Entity annotation to define the name of the entity. It has to be unique for the persistence unit, and you use it to reference the entity in your JPQL queries. 
2. @Table By default, each entity class maps a database table with the same name in the default schema of your database. You can customize this mapping using the name,  schema, and catalog attributes of the @Table annotation. 
3. The name attribute enables you to change the name of the database table which your entity maps. The schema attribute specifies the name of the db schema in which the talbe is located. And the catalog attribute describes the name of the database catalog that stores the metadata info of the table. 
@Table annotation also defines 2 attributes (indexes and uniqueConstraints) that enable you to influence the generation of the database table. NOt recommend to use. 
4. By default, all JPA implementations map each entity attribute to a database column with the same name and a compatible type. 
5. @Column Optional annotation that enables you to customize the mapping between the entity attribute and the database column. 
6. @Id JPA and Hibernate require you to specify at least one primary key attribute for each entity. YOu can do that by annotating an attribvute with the @Id annotation. 
7. @GeneratedValue Annotate your primary key attribute with the @GeneratedValue annotation, you can use a database sequence by setting the strategy attribute to GenerationType.SEQUENCE. Or use GenerationTYpe.IDENTITY to specify your primary key values. 
8. Enumerated Enables you to define how an enum attribute gets persisted in the database. By default, all JPA implementations map the ordinal value of the enum to a numeric database column. 
9. @Temporal If still use java.util.Date or java.util.Calendar as your attributed types, you need to annotate the attribute with @Temporal. Recommend use Date and Time API
10. @Lob In Java, there is almost no limit to the size of a String or a byte[]. Not the case for relational database. They provide specific data types for large objects. These are BLOB for binary large objects and CLOB for character large objects. Use JPA's @Lob annotation, you can map a BLOB to a byte[] and a CLOB to a String. Your spersitence provider then fetches the whole BLOB and CLOB when it initializes the entity attribute. 
11. @ManytoMany Map this association in a uni- or bidirectional way using attributes of type List, Set or Map, and a @ManyToMany annotations.
12. @ManyToOne or @OneToOne or @OneToMany used for database mapping  


## What is the JPA Naming conversation? 
### Ref: https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-jpa-custom-naming
Spring uses lower snake case by default, which means it uses only lower case letters and separates words with underscores. 
Custom Naming Convention: As we are going to keep to snake case, the fastest option is to inherit from the SpringPhysicalNamingStrategy and turn idnetifiers to upper case: 
Overriding the getIdentifier() method, which is in charge of turning the identifiers to lower case in the super-class. Convert them to upper case. 
Once we have wrriten our implementation, we must register it so that HIbernate knows to use it. Using Spring, this is done by setting the spring.jpa.hibernate.naming.physical-strategy property in our appliation.properties. 


## How many JPA methods you know, list all. 
1. void deleteAllByIdInBatch(Iterable<ID> ids)
2. void dleteALlInBatch()
3. void deleteALlInBatch(Iterable<T> entities)
4. default void deleteInBatch(Iterable<T> entities)
5. List<T> findAll()
6. <S extends T > findALl(Example<S> example) or List<S> findALl(Example<S> example)
7. <S extends T> findAll(Examples<S> example, Sort sort) or List<S> findAll(Example<S> eample, Sort sort)
8. List<T> findAll(Sort sort)
9. List<T> findALlById(Iterable<ID> ids)
10. void flush()
11. T getById(ID id)
12. T getOne(ID id) Deprecated use JPARepository#getById(ID) isntead 
13. <S extends T> saveAll(Iterable<S> entities) or List<S> saveAll(Iterable<S> entities)
14. <S extends T> saveAllAndFlush(Iterable<S> entities) or List<S> saveAllAndFlush(Iterable<S> entities)
15. <S extends T> saveAndFlush(S entity) or S saveAndFlush(S entity) save an entity and flushes changes instantly 

## How to write your own query with parameter? 
![]/home/ly/Documents/VS/chuwa4.1ShortQuestions/assignment/query_with_parameter.png


## What is pagination? 
Pagination is a sequence of pages which are connected and have similar content. Even the content of a section of a page is split into distinct pages, we still define that as pagination. 

## Design two entites and the repository 
   a. Employee  i. id  ii. firstname   iii. lastname  iv. title v. join_date 
    vi. create_date vii. uddate_date 

   b. order id. id ii. product_name iii. amount iv. unit_price  v. create_date  vi. update_date 

   c. EmployeeRepository 
   d. OrderRepository 
   e. In your repository code, list all of the CRUD methods from JPAF for EmployeeRepository and OrderRepository 
   
    



